[WIP] Review Docs in light of config changes (#175)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/glossary.rst

.. glossary::
   :sorted:

   workflow
   Cylc workflow

>       A Cylc workflow is a directory containing a :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` file

Author: This isn't really what a workflow is, but how it's defined.
```suggestion
A Cylc workflow is a way of organizing one or more programs, specifying relationships between them. Is is defined in a directory containing a :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` file.
```

      which contains :term:`graphing<graph>` representing a workflow.

   workflow directory

>       The workflow directory contains all of the configuration for a workflow e.g.
>       the :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` file.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
     The workflow directory contains all of the configuration for a workflow. 
     In its most basic form the workflow directory will contain a :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` file.
```
